Cherrypick read only transformations (#578)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/assets/assets-transformation.md

## Source file

The `source` property allows you to define in which attribute value the **media file** you want to use as the source file for your transformation is stored. For instance: `main_image`.

::: warning
The `media file` attribute types are the only ones that can be used as sources. The transformation feature is not available for `media link` attribute types.
:::

## Target file

The `target` property allows you to define in which attribute value the PIM should generate the new variation. For instance: `Thumbnail_variation`.

::: info

> As soon as an attribute is defined as a target attribute of a transformation, it becomes disabled (read-only). It means that you can no longer modify or remove it. If the target attribute changes, then the attribute previously defined as the target becomes enabled and you can modify or remove it.

Reviewer: Maybe you should use greyed out instead of "disabled"
```suggestion
As soon as an attribute is defined as a target attribute of a transformation, it will appear as grayed out (it will be set to read-only). It means that you can no longer edit it nor remove it. If the target attribute changes, then the attribute previously set as the target will not be grayed out anymore, and you will be able to edit it or remove it.
```
